-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to understand
about what we are going to learn
as part of this entire thing, right?
So we are going to create a easier repository
for our Docker images to be stored there
and we are going to create our code, comment get repository
and then check in our docker
and then Kubernetes manifest whatever we are going to use
as part of this specific section.
And we are going to write a build spec dot yml
or review the build spec dot yml
which will build the docker image
and then push the Docker image
to the ECR repository and deploy the updated KS
deployment manifesto EKS cluster.
So in addition to that, we also need to
be aware a few important roles that need to be created
and then associated with the code build role.
So one important role is STS assumerole
which is nothing but EKS code build kubectl role
which will have that EKS describe function inside that.
So with this role, we will be able to apply the changes
to our Kubernetes using codebuild role from codebuild.
So for that purpose, we'll create this role
and then associate that to the codebuild role.
So in addition to that codebuild role also
should have the access to push the images
to this ECR repository so it needs ECR full access.
And this respective STS assumerole
you need to associate in this respective codebuild role.
You need to create a STS assumerole policy
and then associate this role in a way it is required.
So we are going to do all these things in different
different steps and in a very step by step
and then organize it manner so
that you really don't miss any steps here.
Okay? So all these steps are detailed, documented
so that nothing will miss or
nothing will misfire us to not to succeed
about this section.
Okay? So even for STS, assumerole
also the detailed steps are provided
and even for creating odd config map related information
on our EKS cluster.
Those also, we have very detailed information provided here
and you can just go through this section and then execute it
and then you will be successfully implementing the DevOps
for our Kubernetes manifest.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.